First iteration of sase series (#20255)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/learning-paths/sase-series-navigation.mdx

---
{}

---

import { CardGrid, LinkCard, Card } from "~/components";

 <CardGrid>
      <LinkCard
          title="Watch Episode 1: The evolution of corporate networks"

>           description="In this video, we provide a Cloudflare SASE platform overview and how it's been designed to revolutionize the corporate network."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description="In this video, we provide a Cloudflare SASE platform overview and how it has been designed to revolutionize the corporate network."
```

        />
        
      <LinkCard
          title="Watch Episode 2: Stop hosting your own VPN service"
          description="In this video, we discuss the Cloudflare SASE platform and how it can replace your traditional VPN appliances."
          href="/learning-paths/sase-overview-course/series/video-2/"
        />
        
      <LinkCard
          title="Watch Episode 3: Secure remote access to your critical infrastructure"
          description="In this video, learn how Cloudflare's SASE platform leverages a modern ZTNA service to implement zero trust principles for accessing your critical infrastructure."
          href="/learning-paths/sase-overview-course/series/video-3/"
        />
        
      <LinkCard
          title="Watch Episode 4: Connect and secure from any network to anywhere"
          description="In this video, we discuss how to connect any network to Cloudflare to any other network and the Internet. Learn how this improves security and performance for your networks and applications. 
  "
          href="/learning-paths/sase-overview-course/series/video-4/"
        />
        
      <LinkCard
          title="Watch Episode 5"

>           description="In this video, we'll explore how Cloudflare's Secure Web Gateway (SWG) helps keep users and devices safe by filtering and inspecting Internet traffic in real time."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description="In this video, we will explore how Cloudflare's Secure Web Gateway (SWG) helps keep users and devices safe by filtering and inspecting Internet traffic in real time."
```
